unstaged
hoge.txt
unstaged
hoge.txt.hoge.txt
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
unstaged
staged
staged
unstaged
staged
unstaged
unstaged
reset 
reset 
add hoge.txt
add hoge.txt.hoge.txt
add hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
reset scripts/status.sh
reset hoge.txt.hoge.txt
add hoge.txt
add scripts/status.sh
add scripts/add.sh
add hoge.txt.hoge.txt
add scripts/unstage.sh
add test.txt
reset hoge.txt
add hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
reset scripts/add.sh
reset hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset scripts/unstage.sh
reset scripts/status.sh
add scripts/status.sh
reset scripts/status.sh
reset test.txt
add scripts/add.sh
add scripts/status.sh
add hoge.txt
add hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
add hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset scripts/add.sh
reset scripts/status.sh
add scripts/unstage.sh
add test.txt
reset test.txt
reset scripts/unstage.sh
add hoge.txt
add hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
add hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset scripts/add.sh
reset hoge.txt
reset hoge.txt.hoge.txt
reset scripts/add.sh
add scripts/add.sh
